Welcome to Magic Bakery. 

This was a command line version of the game: "Kim-Joy's Magic Bakery". I completed this coursework as part of a module I took in my first year at university called Intro to Programming 2, which was essentially oriented around learning Java and how the language works. Magic Bakery is a card game in which you bake items to fulfill orders in order to progress the game. In terms of which files you probably want to look at, the code that I've written is in src/main/bakery, and in src/main/utils, though in utils, the StringUtils file wasn't written by me, it was written by our lecturers. The game doesn't run, however all the code is fully functional. To use an analogy, I successfully created all the pieces of the puzzle, I just didn't put them together. What I mean by this is that we were given a UML diagram, and I created all of the classes and functions, and they all work correctly, and passed all 817 JUnit tests, I just didn't do the BakeryDriver file as it wasn't tested and we didn't need to do it to get full marks. The BakeryDriver file is essentially where you would use all of the classes I created and create the game itself, but at the time I worked on this I had quite a lot going on at university, as exams were around the corner whilst I was approaching the end of this coursework, which is another reason why I didn't bother with the BakeryDriver. However, I still feel like it's a very good representation of my ability to write code using object oriented principles, so I decided to include it in this repos.
